[ADD] Manufacturing: Continuous product improvement (#9964)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/workflows/continuous_improvement.rst

.. |MOs| replace:: :abbr:`MOs (Manufacturing Orders)`
.. |BoM| replace:: :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`
.. |ECO| replace:: :abbr:`ECO (Engineering Change Order)`
.. |QCP| replace:: :abbr:`QCP (Quality Control Point)`
.. |PLM| replace:: :abbr:`PLM (Product Lifecycle Management)`
.. |BoMs| replace:: :abbr:`BoMs (Bills of Materials)`

*Continuous improvement* is a general philosophy intended to help individuals and organizations
constantly improve themselves and the work they produce.

There are a variety of different methodologies that fall under the umbrella of continuous
improvement. These include kaizen, six sigma, and lean, among others. While the specific steps of
each method differ, their goal remains the same: implement a process by which improvement is a
perpetual goal, rather than a one-time accomplishment.

The sections below contain details about how Odoo can be used to implement four general steps common
to many of the most popular continuous improvement strategies, with links to documentation about
configuring the necessary features. The final section details how a specific company might configure
these Odoo implementations within their organization.

> 

Reviewer: Suggestion to add references of each section :)
(will need to add custom anchors) 
```suggestion

#. :ref:`manufacturing/workflows/ci-identify`
#. :ref:`manufacturing/workflows/ci-suggest`
#. :ref:`manufacturing/workflows/ci-implement`
#. :ref:`manufacturing/workflows/ci-review`
```

   *might* be used. They should be viewed as more of a jumping off point, rather than a concrete
   outline that every organization must follow.

Identify problems
=================

Before improvement can begin, it is necessary to determine where improvement is necessary. This is
where identifying problems comes into play. Two of the best Odoo apps for identifying problems with
products or processes are *Helpdesk* and *Quality*.

Helpdesk
--------

The *Helpdesk* app is useful for receiving feedback from outside of the organization, like from
clients or customers. This is accomplished by implementing one or more of the methods for
:doc:`receiving tickets <../../../services/helpdesk/overview/receiving_tickets>`, including email
aliases, live chat, and website forms.

Using these methods, customers can submit feedback about problems, which is then reviewed by a
member of a :doc:`helpdesk team <../../../services/helpdesk>`. Depending on the outcome of the
review, the team member may decide to take further action to ensure the issue is addressed. This can
include creating a :doc:`quality alert <../../quality/quality_management/quality_alerts>`.

Quality
-------

> The Quality app is useful for receiving feedback from *within* the organization, like from

Author: Sam told me to only italicize a term the first time it's mentioned.

employees.

One method for accomplishing this is to set up a :doc:`quality control point
<../../quality/quality_management/quality_control_points>` (QCP). A |QCP| is used to automatically
create quality checks at regular intervals, prompting employees to inspect, and confirm, the quality
of a product.

If an issue is found, an employee can then create a :doc:`quality alert
<../../quality/quality_management/quality_alerts>` to notify a quality team. Quality alerts can also
be created independent of a |QCP|, in the event that an employee discovers an issue without being
prompted to check for one. This is a great way for customer support employees to notify a quality
team of an issue brought to their attention by a customer ticket.

Suggest improvements
====================

Once a problem is identified, the next step is to put forward ideas for how to address the problem.
As with identifying problems, the Quality app is also useful for suggesting improvements. In
addition, the *PLM* (*Product Lifecycle Management*) app can be used for this purpose, as well.

Quality
-------

> When creating a quality alert to bring an issue to the attention of a quality team, the *Corrective
> Actions* and *Preventive Actions* tabs can be used to provide feedback about how the issue can be
> addressed.

Reviewer: Can add a ref and use :guilabel:s :)
```suggestion
When creating a :doc:`quality alert <../../quality/quality_management/quality_alerts>` to bring an
issue to the attention of a quality team, the :guilabel:`Corrective Actions` and
:guilabel:`Preventive Actions` tabs can be used to provide feedback about how the issue can be
```

> The Corrective Actions tab is used to suggest a method for fixing items affected by the issue. For

Author: Both of these were italicized already in the previous paragraph.

> The Corrective Actions tab is used to suggest a method for fixing items affected by the issue. For
> example, `Screw the bolts on tighter so that the seat stays in place`.

Reviewer: If the ref was used in my suggestion above, these can be :guilabel:, otherwise please use italics when referencing a field that is not currently on the UI, even if it was italicized previously (this differs from introducing a term for the first time, since we are referencing a UI field). 
```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Corrective Actions` tab is used to suggest a method for fixing items affected by the
issue. For example, `Screw the bolts on tighter so that the seat stays in place`.
```

> The Preventive Actions tab is used to suggest a method for preventing the issue from occurring in
> the future. For example, `Do not tighten the screws too much, or they will be stripped`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Preventive Actions` tab is used to suggest a method for preventing the issue from
occurring in the future. For example, `Do not tighten the screws too much, or they will be
stripped`.
```

to :ref:`apply the changes <plm/eco/apply-changes>` made to the |BoM|, at which point the updated
|BoM| becomes available for new |MOs|.

Product |BoMs| can continue to be updated as needed. The :doc:`version control
<../../plm/manage_changes/version_control>` features of the |PLM| app allow for easy management of
all versions of a given |BoM|.

Field Service
-------------

The |PLM| app is a great way to make changes to product |BoMs|. However, these changes only affect
products produced using the new |BoM|. If a defective product has already been sold to a customer,
it may be necessary to repair or update that product.

In such a case, the Field Service app can be used to schedule :doc:`onsite interventions
<../../../services/field_service/onsite_interventions>`. These interventions allow service
technicians or other employees to be sent to a customer's location to address an issue with a
product.

Review actions
==============

Reviewing actions is where the continuous part of continuous improvement comes into play, as it
allows an organization to evaluate the decisions made in the previous steps. As such, this step is

> more or less returning to the beginning of the process, so that additional problems can be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
essentially returning to the beginning of the process, so that additional problems can be
```

identified and addressed.

> This means that the Helpdesk and Quality apps should be used once again to receive customer and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This means that the Helpdesk and Quality apps should again be used to receive customer and
```

feedback. Another app that may be useful at this stage is the *Surveys* app.

Surveys
-------

After implementing changes to a product or process, it may be wise to solicit customers for their
feedback directly, rather than waiting to hear from them of their own volition. This may bring to
light feedback that customers may otherwise have neglected to share.

One of the best ways to accomplish this is through the :doc:`Surveys <../../../marketing/surveys>`
app. Creating a survey and sending it to customers who receive an updated product increases the
likelihood of receiving relevant feedback about the product.

.. admonition:: Example workflow: coat rack product improvement
   :class: alert alert-success

   *Wood Hut* is a manufacturer of fine wood products. They are committed to manufacturing products
   of the highest-possible quality, and are always looking for ways to improve the products they
   sell, along with the processes used to create them.

   Wood Hut uses the Odoo platform to manage every element of their production, fulfillment, and
   customer satisfaction processes. They have developed a custom product improvement workflow that

>    incorporates the Helpdesk, Quality, PLM, and Manufacturing apps.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   incorporates the *Helpdesk*, *Quality*, *PLM*, and *Manufacturing* apps.
```

>    incorporates the Helpdesk, Quality, PLM, and Manufacturing apps.

Reviewer: App names need italics
```suggestion
   incorporates the *Helpdesk*, *Quality*, *PLM*, and *Manufacturing* apps.
```

   One of Wood Hut's most popular products is their *coat rack*. It's made entirely of oak, and
   customers describe it as "sleek and elegant." However, recent customer feedback about the coat
   rack has brought attention to quality issues that necessitate revising the current manufacturing
   process.

   The product revision workflow begins when the customer service team receives a ticket in the

>    Helpdesk app from a customer having problems with the coat rack she purchased. The customer,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *Helpdesk* app from a customer having problems with the coat rack she purchased. The customer,
```

   Abigail Peterson, has found that her coat rack falls over when more than five coats are hanging
   from it. This is a major issue, as the coat rack has enough dowels for six coats.

   .. image:: continuous_improvement/helpdesk-ticket.png
      :align: center
      :alt: A Helpdesk ticket about an issue with the coat rack product.

   Marc, the customer service employee assigned to the helpdesk ticket, opens the *Quality* app and

>    creates a new quality alert. He tags the *Production Quality Team* and assigns Julie Andreson as

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   creates a new quality alert. He tags the *Production Quality Team*, and assigns Julie Andreson as
```
is it meant to be "Anderson" or the current "Andreson"

Author: Andreson

   the quality employee responsible for the alert.

   Julie reviews the alert, and consults with her team about the best course of action. They decide
   that it is necessary to revise the product's |BoM| to prevent the issue from occurring in the
   future, which Julie notes in the :guilabel:`Corrective Actions` tab of the quality alert.

   .. image:: continuous_improvement/quality-alert.png
      :align: center
      :alt: A quality alert created about the issue with the coat rack product.

>    Julie then messages product engineer Joe Kazan in the chatter of the quality alert to bring it to
>    his attention. Joe opens the |PLM| app and creates a new |ECO|, noting the problem with the coat
>    rack and suggesting that a change to the product's |BoM| may be necessary.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Then, Julie messages product engineer, Joe Kazan, in the chatter of the quality alert to bring it to
   his attention. Joe opens the *|PLM|* app, and creates a new |ECO|, noting the problem with the coat
   rack, and suggesting that a change to the product's |BoM| may be necessary.
```

   .. image:: continuous_improvement/eco.png
      :align: center
      :alt: An ECO created to update the coat rack product's BoM.

   Joe clicks *Start Revision*, and then the *Revision* smart button to open version two of the coat
   rack's |BoM|. This |BoM| was created alongside the |ECO|, and remains archived until it is

>    approved.

Reviewer 3: It might be nice to see screenshots of these clickable options, so the reader can use them as references when they're trying to recreate the flow. Also, if/when you add those screenshots, you can change the italics to GUI, because it will be shown on the UI/screen.

Author: Sam has told me that screenshots like this are unnecessary as the text is sufficient for explaining what to do.

>    Joe clicks *Start Revision*, and then the *Revision* smart button to open version two of the coat
>    rack's |BoM|. This |BoM| was created alongside the |ECO|, and remains archived until it is
>    approved.

Reviewer: Since this example is walking through the process, I think it is safe to use :guilabel:s here
```suggestion
   Joe clicks :guilabel:`Start Revision`, and then the :guilabel:`Revision` smart button to open
   version two of the coat rack's |BoM|. This |BoM| was created alongside the |ECO|, and remains
   archived until it is approved.
```

   After some testing, Joe discovers that adding a metal *support rod* to the coat rack strengthens
   it, allowing the rack to hold six or more coats without falling over. He updates the |BoM| to
   include the support rod as one of the components, and adds an extra operation to make sure it is
   installed during the manufacturing process. Finally, he leaves a message in the chatter of the

>    |ECO|, letting his manager Jose know that it is ready for review.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   |ECO|, letting his manager, Jose, know that it is ready for review.
```

   .. image:: continuous_improvement/bom.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The coat rack BoM, updated to add an extra component and operation.

>    Jose reviews the changes and confirms they are an effective method for addressing the problem

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Jose reviews the changes, and confirms they are an effective method for addressing the problem
```

>    with the coat rack. He moves the |ECO| to the *Approved* stage, which makes version two of the

Reviewer 3: again, it might be beneficial to add a screenshot of this -- showing the 'Approved' stage -- it would provide more visual context to the flow, which would be super helpful to the reader.

   coat rack |BoM| the current version.

   Now, each time an |MO| is created to produce a coat rack, the updated |BoM| is automatically
   selected. Wood Hut begins producing the improved coat rack, and customer feedback confirms that
   the new version has addressed the problem with its predecessor.

   Using the Odoo platform, Wood Hut has implemented an end-to-end product improvement process.
   Since the essential elements of this process (customer feedback, quality control, etc.) are

>    always functioning, it can be reused as needed to continuously update products and processes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   always functioning, it can be reused to continuously update products and processes.
```
